Avoid the temptation of floating points (#68)
davidben/merkle-tree-certs: draft-davidben-tls-merkle-tree-certs.md

First, the CA then builds a Merkle Tree from the list as follows:

> Let `n` be the number of input assertions. If `n > 0`, the CA builds a binary tree with l levels numbered `0` to `l-1`, where `l` is the least positive integer with `n <= 2^(l-1)`. Each node in the tree contains a hash value. Hashes in the tree are built from the following functions:

Reviewer: Very nitpicky nitpick: this reads a little clearer to me, but I don't know if this is actually the right way to phrase this, or the particular flavor of math jargon that I learned.

```suggestion
Let `n` be the number of input assertions. If `n > 0`, the CA builds a binary tree with l levels numbered `0` to `l-1`, where `l` is the smallest positive integer such that `n <= 2^(l-1)`. Each node in the tree contains a hash value. Hashes in the tree are built from the following functions:
```
